Update fieldtypes date (#5973)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-forms/editor/creating-a-form/fieldtypes/date.md

Pikaday date picker can be localised based on the page the Form is rendered on.

> The date picker displays the picked date in the required locale. Using JavaScript, a hidden field updates with a standard date format to send server-side for storing record submissions. This avoids the locale mixing up the dates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The date picker displays the picked date in the required locale. Using JavaScript, a hidden field is updated with a standard date format to send to the server for storing record submissions. This avoids the locale mixing up the dates.
```
